January 16, 2021

Dear Committee:
During the past five months, as Xin Wang’s mentor and colleague at ByteDance, I have watched him evolve from a newcomer to a skilled engineer who can be held accountable. I am impressed with Xin's coding ability, collaboration skills, and business sense. The first impression that Xin strikes me is a detail-oriented team player. In his first code review, I gave him advice on code style and what the team has established as best practices. In the following week or so, I noticed an immediate change in his coding pattern—it follows the team’s guidelines very well, so well that I couldn’t tell if it was from a recently arrived intern’s or not. Next, I want to detail Xin’s focus on user experience. Most tech guys spend hours and hours coding. Don’t take me wrong—they are excellent programmers and I respect that, but sometimes they lose sight of why they spend time on what they do. Xin is a bit different. He frequently asks about the business significance of what he does. When he was asked to refactor the code behind the customer refund process, Xin was investigative. He aimed to look at the big picture first before developing specific user stories and generate todo lists. During this process, he asked about the user's pain points and how we can build a better infrastructure to accommodate needs from both usability and engineering perspectives. This was brilliant. I am both relieved and excited to see that he could go above and beyond to align himself with the business goal. This level of maturity is rare and of course I am happy to have him on my team. What else should I highlight about this professional young man? Well, I think it’s worth noting that Xin is a go-getter and can be quite ambitious. His ambition is not unfounded. For example, he requested to independently take care of the server development, which will enable users to add credits through different avenues such as Taobao and China Mobile. This is not an easy job considering the many floating pieces around the APIs. However, to achieve this goal, Xin held several design evaluation meetings during which he synced up his plans closely with the UI Design team, business team, and finance team. He also learned tools and technologies on his own in the devops department. After the completion of the development, he also led interns to perform extensive QA that simplified the steps involved in taking the product online. His excellence is evidential and once again I see so much potential in him as a future engineer, manager, and researcher. At present, the interface developed by him can bring more than 20 million RMB in revenue to the business. I would personally want to keep him on our payroll but he expressed his willingness to study abroad. I am with no reservation in full support. This brilliant young man can do a lot more and I hope he can continue to be an invaluable asset to your cohort. In the meantime, please feel free to let me know if I can be of any further assistance. 

Yours sincerely, 

Guanchen Dong
Senior Software Engineer 
Interactive Entertainment & Social Network Dept. 
No.49 Zhichun Road, Haidian District, Beijing, China 
Phone: (+86) 18810620035 
E-mail: dongguanchen.granchar@bytedance.com